okay Chris say
win win oh no oh no what have I done
you've done this I did not you did this
no do it again this is me forever now do
it again no Chris I'm not doing it again
this is seatop it looks just like you
this is me forever and ever and ever a
million episodes of Power World 10
million episodes of power world one who
are these they just saw my face went oh
your G now oh get out of here they're
going to kill me I don't blame them and
he looks like he looks like the the evil
henchman guy from The Rocketeer oh he
does remember him yeah he also looks
like Ivan Ooze from Power Ranger movie
you look like Ivan oo hey yeah I said it
take that back okay power world huh is
that like a Walmart where they only sell
Chris's cuz he's a pow I want to punch
him okay I heard I can come over here
and I can punch a Pikachu in the butt
Pikachu give here I'm going to punch you
in the butt why are you talking like
that cuz that's what look at her face is
what I sound like never going to find me
up here Chris I got real sticky little
hands stickiest little hands in the
universe never going to find me I'm like
a squirrel I likely have rabies that's
true hey hey seop where are you man seop
where where'd you
go what seop that's my
brother yeah I hear you little Emo Freak
look at me I look I'm handsome Squidward
look at me you are I'm not handsome no
you're ugly as heck man rude Chris real
beauty is on the inside you should see
my kidneys they're gorgeous oh there's
one I'm going get it oh oh my gosh oh
come here get I'm going to get you don't
don't touch that one
tou you want blink on a
Chris uhoh you're inside the wall now
that's where you live buddy I've
ascended to the shadow
realm you falling for my trap C I am one
with the wall well that's a record uh
was it like 2 minutes and you broken the
game get me out of here okay maybe I'll
find a smaller Pokemon to punch there
one over there dud it's pronounced
Pokemon fire hot oh my gosh dude you're
going to you're going to get us killed
so many times do in a survival game you
got to see if fire hurts you there's a
dead guy over I think this is the guy
that was up there and I think with that
attacked it killed them too oh yeah I
saw it die I saw him die okay I'm just
going to kick their corpse a
bit
[Applause]
oh miss you stop that stop doing that
we're going to eat good tonight stop it
what are you doing I killed the chicken
now I'm playing chicken soccer oh I want
to play chicken soccer I'm going to go
I'm going to get a goal you're never
going to get it past me look at me this
is a very long field if you can get it
past me you get to eat dinner
tonight
oh you kicked that corpse into it so did
I catch it with the ball now no it's
dead I hit with hammer I build strong I
punch chicken I dance with the gods of
your there's a pink thing get out here
are you are you okay man I'm just over
here beating the crap out of the clean
room you Dam cat oh my gosh saw a pink
thing and I was filled with rage and
murder and murder rage what's that what
you did you just steal
that oh I hate you oh oh I hate you so
much I honestly didn't even try to it
just
happened I'm so mad I'm out of here I'm
going to go get some wood oh throw pal
sphere that's probably my poke that's
probably me Pokéball oh no pal ah I got
no balls now you heard it here folks SE
pal what have you done a flaming sheep
what have is it's after me it's a lamb
ball help help I hit it with a fire and
now it's on fire and now wants to put me
on fire good he looks fine he's just
chilling there bring him over hereis
lure him over here I shall descend from
above okay descend
descend wow that was stupid I want you
to know what you just did was bad and
you should feel bad ow I got mutt he's
just rolling down the hill now okay bye
bud I'm mining for gold oh no not again
he's look okay this one lives cat's this
cat's following me around hey it's
falling for you I've got a weapon for
cutting down trees it has a name but I'm
not going to say it why cuz you'll just
make the one dumb pun you always do well
let me ask you what question it
is look look at my face wo it's hard
it's very hard to look at that thing
okay how how make ball technology screen
oh I already made one and I captured a
Pokemon pal I'm make it the ball do I
make it at the crafting table yes you do
I'm going to get a million chickens and
they're all going to do poop eggs on you
and you're going to be sad but you're
going to make a lot of omelets so you
don't kill them right you just weaken
them yeah you weak in them how weak we
talking uh we as as weak as you at the
gym trying to do a personal all right
all right chicken how weak you got you
got to get him close to death you got to
close to death okay yeah you got to let
them understand the value of life before
you you know okay okay this one's almost
dead oh you hit him in the face bumped
him good I bed his boopy B extremely
weak and far too delicious sounds like
Chris me too okay now what I do do I
throw them at children oh that's awesome
I can bring them back and put them back
out I'm going to go find some children
to fight now so how many chickens until
I win you don't win what ever you just
you just come here all right all right
I'm beating this cat come here oh get
that cat I have to collect them all I
just want one of each I'm taking the
lamb ball what you get for staring at me
while I was sleeping earlier I'm sorry I
get XP yeah okay I'm hungry I can I can
eat chicken meat and I can feed it to
the chicken isn't that how like mad
chicken disease gets made that that is
that is how I like to cook stuff I feed
chicken to chicken and I have chicken
squared Chris only eats Chris's stop
telling my secret like I haven't seen
Chris Hemsworth in a while he tasted as
good as he looks oh I found a ball oh
that's mine I dropped it oh I threw my
sheep at it get back here sheep fluffy
Shield I can make him be a
what I I just picked them up now I'm
using him as a as a human shield or oh
my God yeah that's what happened the
best game ever so they have uses they're
not just dumb things yeah dude they're
it's great man cat helper what does that
do uh if you go to craft something or
whatever the cat's going to come up like
help carry supplies oh very cool I'm
called I'm so called who's this a gum
boss I'm hey look I've got the flare up
man come over here I got hold on I have
to beat up this innocent creature oh no
I'm out of balls run
SE toop get down here man I lit the
flare oh I can see it there's also what
is this king of the forest don't touch
that that's the thing that already
killed you can I climb on it no okay lit
the flare lit the flare you also lit the
owl ow oo I think you've made the owl
man how many licks does it take to get
to the center of a Cris he's almost got
you buddy get him
owl they're so wise and so murderous
little help little help here Mr top if
you don't mine beg for me beg for my
Mercy oh why are your eyes black like my
soul okay we D we should make our base
here look at this it's gorgeous I'm so
cold I'm going to sit by this fire okay
I'm going to lay a foundation down is
that okay with you
oh why did you hit him why not wait who
are those people there's guards coming
they do they have guns yes we're wanted
for assault now no the police are here
the police the sound of the police hold
on I want my fluffy Shield you wouldn't
hurt this innocent creature would you I
would the shooting machine just as I
planned ow they're shooting me
now this is your fault this is your
fault over here did you Outlast it you
did no man can imprison me no jail can
hold me I just got away with
murder I wouldn't go shouting that your
neighbors are like what wait hold on a
second what oh is this where we Two Step
yeah now go get some wood go go get
wood oh wait it's bark found an egg
should have hit it a large common egg oh
you can oh you can raise them from
babies and then make them murder people
yes so much easier in this game in real
life that's why they stop selling me all
those turtles at Petco but hold on W
turtle attck Chris I'm so cold I need
you to warm me up oh come here I
want D this was a house but You' made us
a home oh check me out bro I'm unlocking
a pow box oh yeah build that and a
campfire and an old bow and an arrow how
many of these can I get uh you got 15
more points oh God okay I can't catch on
fire stop dropping roll stop dropping
roll oh wait water nice morning we
happen oh there's a little penguin thing
I want it I'm in the water why am I
still on fire okay you said that the
kitty cat can help yeah the kitty cat
will help you man look at see he's
magnificent see he does stuff he does
stuff what a what a champ I'mma kill him
no I I want to get closed so no one has
to see this anymore now we need a mask
like no other bro ow some just hit me
rude yeah cuz your body shaming me or
rather ugly ugly face shaming me you're
you're ugly you stole my
outfit ooh
yeah how's it feel ah yes God I'm hard
to look at H again where you going where
you going just got little business
meetings to go to I'm very busy I'm a
very busy kitty cat I'm a busy kitty cat
me need a little briefcase in a little
Top Hat meow out of my way I have
business to do no no no not back in the
ball ah it hurts every time don't make
me stop cat craft craft like you never
crafted before and if you see Chris
coming to steal it want you to bite him
in the butt penguin 33% I like those
odds I know I just did that steing
Chris's pengu look at me look at me I
was frozen I was going to capture that
guy I got it oh I'm so mad what does he
do so equips a rocket launcher and fires
it killed me it killed me killed me
because of you because of what you did I
am so mad right now I'm going off into
the sunset man I'm going to build my own
penguin and you're not going to be
invited to the clubhouse oh I can make
him dance oh no I dance I thought the
penguin was going to dance you ain't
done on my watch look that thing wants
you this weird Brown looking thing he
got the big tongue stop it let me revive
you careful Chris you're looking a
little
blue where's that little mud monkey
there he is come here you come here come
here just going to I'm just going to
kiss you with my axe ah he's shoting
brown stuff at me that oh boy okay all
right come here yeah 80% chance yeah get
in there get stay in there
stay I got him yay okay I'm building a
pow box oh my gosh it's huge magnificent
oh
tiny oh wait okay I I store my my
minions in it yes and that's how you
heal him man like your sheep you can
bring it back to life can I use the
Sheep as a pillow you look so cozy you
you can cut his fur off and you know do
that I need my beauty sleep there a't
enough in the world about say sleep for
like a century or something
or get a penguin pal to work on the base
oh wait they're all in my box oh we need
to build chest so he can put stuff into
oh he's carry he carries stuff yeah he
carries stuff man he's awesome can you
make him do wood too yeah you throw him
at it no he picked it up I love you I
love you sorry I beat you half to death
that one time oh check it out check it
out we can upgrade the base upgrade boom
now we have two Pals out then again I
can do it again oh we need to make them
beds so don't get stressed and they'll
start stress eating and they'll get fat
we don't want the fat Pokémon not
Pokémon Chris they're they're distinct
enough to escape all liability they're
Pokemon that's a Pokemon right there
they're they're stab come on people
build faster build faster you get to you
get a punch in the face cuz you're a
good cat what do you do he's a bad cat
well I got your cat hey hey put him down
put him down you know what I got your
cat it's a cat now I'm going to throw it
in the
ocean WAOW look at this big old world oh
fire fox Park Fox Parks oh yeah yeah
yeah that's that's uh that's a the Fon
yeah it's on fire oh don't touch it my
name is Chris I'm until I'm not to touch
a freaking Fox stop impersonating me ah
18% I like those
odds come on I want you oh my god oh
that was cool I respect you as my
adversary I just watching this all go
down from up on top of the stairs here
just beating up this poor little
creature okay 23% no you got to hurt
them more I'm working on it I'm test oh
missed me okay what do we have 72% yeah
oh I'm on fire it's worth it come on now
come on stay in there ooh there's a oh
this guy seems Cris dud I like you Cris
it sneezes fire that seems something
safe to take to our base HH made of
wood I can make him into a flamethrower
oh my God it says it's locked how do I
get that I want it you use your
technology points man oh Fox Spark's
harness okay yeah that's in level six
okay sweet we have our goal I'm climbing
to the top of the mountain you can't
even stop me I'm hungry though uh-oh
yeah that might stop you I can see the
cats down there mining they all look
like ants from up here did you see me
get my butt kicked I wish all right what
is oh it's another stupid statue thing
oh boy Tri glad I climbed all the way up
her oh there's a giant tree it's
beautiful is it me no and now how do I
get down without that dying jump just
jump I'll catch you let me get in
position okay hold on I'm not in
position yet hold on oh okay it's just
half Health man I really want to get a
flamethrower for this guy leave a like
if you guys enjoyed want to see more
more power world this gets 177
quadrillion likes we'll do some more and
we'll give us some tips on how to
survive out here we'll see you next time
boy if I pooped out eggs I'd never leave
the
bathroom what I don't